# Data-Science-Internshala

### Internshala Data Science Course

---

`1.Introduction to Data Science`

_Overview of data science.Understand its different applications and get insights on how is data science leading industries._

---

`2.Python for Data Science`

_Basics of python - how to read CSV files, understand operators, variables, dictionaries, functions,indexing,selecting and data structures._

---

`3.Understanding the Statistics for Data Science`

_About data distribution, probability, data statistics and types of testing. Understand the concepts of Descriptive stats and Inferential stats._

---

`4.Predictive Modeling and Basics of Machine Learning`

_About predictive models & their stages, data extraction & exploration, univariate & bivariate analysis, model building,K Means,Decision Trees, linear regression & logistic regression._

---

`Project 1 ` : _Regression_

> _Bike sharing systems are a means of renting bicycles where the process of
> obtaining membership, rental, and bike return is automated via a network of
> kiosk locations throughout a city. Using these systems, people are able to
> rent a bike from one location and return it to a different place on an
> as-needed basis. Currently, there are over 500 bike-sharing programs
> around the world.
> The data generated by these systems makes them attractive for
> researchers because the duration of travel, departure location, arrival
> location, and time elapsed is explicitly recorded. Bike sharing systems
> therefore function as a sensor network, which can be used for studying
> mobility in a city._

## `Project Code` : [Link](https://github.com/SandeepPayili/Data-Science-Internshala/blob/31e4ac292831c2d12568ee8ca392798d87a0d278/4.Predictive%20Modeling%20and%20Basics%20of%20Machine%20Learning/Assignment%20Solution/Bike%20Rental%20Regression%20Model.ipynb)

---

`Project 2 ` : _Classification_

> _Your client is a retail banking institution. Term deposits are a major source
> of income for a bank.
> A term deposit is a cash investment held at a financial institution. Your
> money is invested for an agreed rate of interest over a fixed amount of
> time, or term.
> The bank has various outreach plans to sell term deposits to their
> customers such as email marketing, advertisements, telephonic marketing
> and digital marketing.
> Telephonic marketing campaigns still remain one of the most effective way
> to reach out to people. However, they require huge investment as large call
> centers are hired to actually execute these campaigns. Hence, it is crucial
> to identify the customers most likely to convert beforehand so that they can
> be specifically targeted via call.
> You are provided with the client data such as : age of the client, their job
> type, their marital status, etc. Along with the client data, you are also
> provided with the information of the call such as the duration of the call, dayand month of the call, etc. Given this information, your task is to predict if
> the client will subscribe to term deposit._

## `Project Code` : [Link](https://github.com/SandeepPayili/Data-Science-Internshala/blob/31e4ac292831c2d12568ee8ca392798d87a0d278/Final%20Project%20Submission/Final_Project_Subscribe_to_Term_Deposit_Classification.ipynb)

---
